Oh howdy there another people it's Bo
again so today we're gonna talk about
wolves alphas the president and the
mystery of American masculinity we're
gonna do this because a fondant by the
name of Gorka said that the reason the
president wasn't liked is because he was
an alpha the president is not alpha
president doesn't even know what an
alpha is neither does Gorka most people
who use the term in the sense of
describing a tough guy don't know what
an alpha is the idea the myth that
exists in popular culture about an alpha
that came from a study of wolves it was
popularized in the United States in the
1960s by a guy named Mac who relied
heavily on research from an older
researcher a German guy camera Bruce
name the problem is all of that research
was done on wolves in captivity in zoos
so the image of an alpha that most
people have is what occurs when an
animal is confined scared thrown into a
habitat with with strangers unsure that
they're going to have enough to eat
putting up a front because they're
terrified
that's what many alphas of today are
striving for to emulate the behavior
that comes from being terrified MEC went
on to study wolves in the wild he felt
so bad about how he cast wolves in that
first book he asked the publisher to
stop printing it and it was selling
incredibly well asked him to stop
printing it spent ten years of his life
trying to correct the misinformation
that he unintentionally helps spread a
wolf in the wild an alpha in the wild a
free alpha is an entirely different
animal you think about the myth you know
this commanding dominating aggressive
violent takes whatever he wants
concerned about himself that's the myth
that's not reality
that myth has been debunked for decades
but it endures why why does that endure
for the same reason Trump's popularity
endures among some groups it gives them
a reason to be their worst it gives them
a justification to act in the most
self-serving and immoral unethical ways
well that's how wolves act in the wild
it's just nature now it's it's actually
not the president said it's okay so it's
okay no that's not what it means
an alpha in the wild yeah they're a
leader but they're not commanding they
lead by example yeah they are aggressive
they are assertive but they're not
violent for no reason
a lot of the snarling you see around
Milton that's the Alpha telling some of
the wolves you know well don't eat it
all there's other members of the pack
the alphas
definitely not self-serving his entire
mission his entire purpose for being is
to care for his pack to care for his
community I I think American masculinity
would be better served trying to be a
free alpha rather than a terrified
animal in a cage lashing out because it
doesn't know what to do because it's
been forced into a role
the other thing is that the often in the
wild is a thinking animal
when you really sit down and you think
about this it really does make more
sense it's the myth it's the image the
whole idea of the alpha male in the
American masculine sense it's a front
it's an image it's something that people
are trying to play into because that's
what they've been conditioned to think
is right but many of them are willfully
conditioned they know deep down that
this is not right they probably know
that it's not even true in nature they
just reject reality because they want a
justification to not improve to not
become better men you know I was part of
that group that for a long time thought
that a lot and then just didn't get it
you know if I point at a jug of milk and
I say that spoiled milk does that mean
that all milk is spoiled the same thing
applies to the phrase toxic masculinity
the same thing applies just because
certain behaviors are toxic does not
mean that all masculinity is bad I would
also point out that the origin of that
term did not come from feminists or
leftist it came from the first men's
rights activists the Methow politics
their concern and they were right was
that the hyper-masculine
was the term they used the
aggressiveness the violence had been
turned up so much that men were losing
touch with the deep masculine is what
they called it the nurturing the
developing the thinking aspects of it
that they had just lost their way and
that they were motivated out of fear
and they were right
when you look at the real alphas the
free alphas those that aren't confined
their entire purpose in life is being
nurturing it's protecting and allowing
their community to prosper it's what
they do they don't try to subjugate
because they're not afraid of the
competition because they don't focus on
competition they focus on cooperation it
would be great if a lot of the people
who considered themselves alphas
actually work in the real sense the wild
sense the fre sense not the captive
sense ensure you can continue to go
along the road of pop culture and the
myth that's fine but understand it's
coming from a place of fear you're there
kicking down on those that you believe
to be weaker more vulnerable but
understand you can only do that because
of the system we exist on right now and
if that zookeeper ever stops throwing
you his scraps
I would rather be around an alpha who
had to endure her an alpha who was free
an alpha who had to think a rollin
rather than a terrified caged animal
unsure of himself
no president Trump is not an alpha the
idea that a man who accepts
responsibility for nothing who can't
lead who throws temper tantrums who is
so secure in himself he has a comb-over
and a spray tan who was handed every
advantage in life and still manages to
whine and cry about how he was treated
very badly it was very unfair if that's
the definition of an American Alfa if
that's the pinnacle of American
masculinity we're probably in real
trouble anyway it's just a thought y'all
have a good night